This bullet can give Zhenfei
What if you continue to compete with him instead of dying?
Oops, as the saying goes
People have to bow their heads under the eaves
This is my venue today
Do you want to continue this game?
You have to listen to me.
Are you playing a rascal?
Dare to falsely call the God of Gamblers
hum
My name is Sun Jincai
Are you a piece of trash who can belittle yourself?
Play or Die
You choose one for fun.
You have the guts to count me as losing this game
I'll give you the antidote
I'll give it to you now.
Why should I believe you?
Anyway, my life is in your hands
You can shoot
I follow this recipe
If you can't get the medicine, 3 people will be fine
Because you take the medicine according to this formula
I dare not lie to me even if I hide it